Readme update + Pokemon is back (#2)
alpic-ai/apps-sdk-template: README.md

## Overview

This project shows how to integrate a Typescript express application with the ChatGPT Apps SDK using the Model Context Protocol (MCP). It includes a working MCP server that exposes tools and resources that can be called from ChatGPT, with responses rendered natively in ChatGPT. It also includes MCP tools without UI widget.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 22+ (see `.nvmrc` for exact version)
- pnpm (install with `npm install -g pnpm`)
- Ngrok

### Local Development with Hot Module Replacement (HMR)

> This project uses Vite for React widget development with full HMR support, allowing you to see changes in real-time without restarting the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project uses Vite for React widget development with full HMR support, allowing you to see changes in real-time, directly within ChatGPT conversation, without restarting the server.
```

#### 1. Clone and Install

```bash
git clone <repository-url>
cd apps-sdk-template
pnpm install
```

#### 2. Start the Development Server

Run the development server from the root directory:

```bash
pnpm dev
```

This command starts:
- The Express server with the MCP server on port 3000

> - The Vite dev server for React widgets with HMR enabled

Reviewer: This gives the impression 2 seperate processes are started. My understanding is that we start an Express server exposing both the MCP server endpoints on `/mcp` and the Vite HMR server endpoints.

WDYT of the following ?

```suggestion
This command starts an express server on port 3000. This server packages:
- an MCP endpoint on `/mcp` - aka as the ChatGPT App Backend
- a React application on Vite HMR dev server - aka as the ChatGPT App Frontend
```
